### kubelet

```
lanzhiwang@lanzhiwang-desktop:~/work/py_web/kubeasz/down/kubernetes/server/bin$ ./kubelet -h
The kubelet is the primary "node agent" that runs on each
node. The kubelet works in terms of a PodSpec. A PodSpec is a YAML or JSON object
that describes a pod. The kubelet takes a set of PodSpecs that are provided through
various mechanisms (primarily through the apiserver) and ensures that the containers
described in those PodSpecs are running and healthy. The kubelet doesn't manage
containers which were not created by Kubernetes.

Other than from an PodSpec from the apiserver, there are three ways that a container
manifest can be provided to the Kubelet.

File: Path passed as a flag on the command line. Files under this path will be monitored
periodically for updates. The monitoring period is 20s by default and is configurable
via a flag.

HTTP endpoint: HTTP endpoint passed as a parameter on the command line. This endpoint
is checked every 20 seconds (also configurable with a flag).

HTTP server: The kubelet can also listen for HTTP and respond to a simple API
(underspec'd currently) to submit a new manifest.

Usage:
  kubelet [flags]

Flags:
      --address 0.0.0.0                                                                                           The IP address for the Kubelet to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and `::` for all IPv6 interfaces) (default 0.0.0.0) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --allow-privileged                                                                                          If true, allow containers to request privileged mode. (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --alsologtostderr                                                                                           log to standard error as well as files
      --anonymous-auth                                                                                            Enables anonymous requests to the Kubelet server. Requests that are not rejected by another authentication method are treated as anonymous requests. Anonymous requests have a username of system:anonymous, and a group name of system:unauthenticated. (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --application-metrics-count-limit int                                                                       Max number of application metrics to store (per container) (default 100) (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --authentication-token-webhook                                                                              Use the TokenReview API to determine authentication for bearer tokens. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --authentication-token-webhook-cache-ttl duration                                                           The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator. (default 2m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --authorization-mode string                                                                                 Authorization mode for Kubelet server. Valid options are AlwaysAllow or Webhook. Webhook mode uses the SubjectAccessReview API to determine authorization. (default "AlwaysAllow") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --authorization-webhook-cache-authorized-ttl duration                                                       The duration to cache 'authorized' responses from the webhook authorizer. (default 5m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --authorization-webhook-cache-unauthorized-ttl duration                                                     The duration to cache 'unauthorized' responses from the webhook authorizer. (default 30s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --azure-container-registry-config string                                                                    Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.
      --boot-id-file string                                                                                       Comma-separated list of files to check for boot-id. Use the first one that exists. (default "/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot_id") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --bootstrap-checkpoint-path string                                                                          <Warning: Alpha feature> Path to to the directory where the checkpoints are stored
      --bootstrap-kubeconfig string                                                                               Path to a kubeconfig file that will be used to get client certificate for kubelet. If the file specified by --kubeconfig does not exist, the bootstrap kubeconfig is used to request a client certificate from the API server. On success, a kubeconfig file referencing the generated client certificate and key is written to the path specified by --kubeconfig. The client certificate and key file will be stored in the directory pointed by --cert-dir.
      --cadvisor-port int32                                                                                       The port of the localhost cAdvisor endpoint (set to 0 to disable) (default 4194) (DEPRECATED: The default will change to 0 (disabled) in 1.12, and the cadvisor port will be removed entirely in 1.13)
      --cert-dir string                                                                                           The directory where the TLS certs are located. If --tls-cert-file and --tls-private-key-file are provided, this flag will be ignored. (default "/var/lib/kubelet/pki")
      --cgroup-driver string                                                                                      Driver that the kubelet uses to manipulate cgroups on the host.  Possible values: 'cgroupfs', 'systemd' (default "cgroupfs") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cgroup-root string                                                                                        Optional root cgroup to use for pods. This is handled by the container runtime on a best effort basis. Default: '', which means use the container runtime default. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cgroups-per-qos                                                                                           Enable creation of QoS cgroup hierarchy, if true top level QoS and pod cgroups are created. (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --chaos-chance float                                                                                        If > 0.0, introduce random client errors and latency. Intended for testing.
      --client-ca-file string                                                                                     If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client-ca-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cloud-config string                                                                                       The path to the cloud provider configuration file.  Empty string for no configuration file.
      --cloud-provider string                                                                                     The provider for cloud services. Specify empty string for running with no cloud provider.
      --cluster-dns strings                                                                                       Comma-separated list of DNS server IP address.  This value is used for containers DNS server in case of Pods with "dnsPolicy=ClusterFirst". Note: all DNS servers appearing in the list MUST serve the same set of records otherwise name resolution within the cluster may not work correctly. There is no guarantee as to which DNS server may be contacted for name resolution. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cluster-domain string                                                                                     Domain for this cluster.  If set, kubelet will configure all containers to search this domain in addition to the host's search domains (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cni-bin-dir string                                                                                        <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for CNI plugin binaries. Default: /opt/cni/bin
      --cni-conf-dir string                                                                                       <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for CNI config files. Default: /etc/cni/net.d
      --config string                                                                                             The Kubelet will load its initial configuration from this file. The path may be absolute or relative; relative paths start at the Kubelet's current working directory. Omit this flag to use the built-in default configuration values. Command-line flags override configuration from this file.
      --container-hints string                                                                                    location of the container hints file (default "/etc/cadvisor/container_hints.json") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --container-log-max-files int32                                                                             <Warning: Alpha feature> Set the maximum number of container log files that can be present for a container. The number must be >= 2. (default 5) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --container-log-max-size string                                                                             <Warning: Alpha feature> Set the maximum size (e.g. 10Mi) of container log file before it is rotated. (default "10Mi") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --container-runtime string                                                                                  The container runtime to use. Possible values: 'docker', 'remote', 'rkt (deprecated)'. (default "docker")
      --container-runtime-endpoint string                                                                         [Experimental] The endpoint of remote runtime service. Currently unix socket is supported on Linux, and tcp is supported on windows.  Examples:'unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock', 'tcp://localhost:3735' (default "unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock")
      --containerd string                                                                                         containerd endpoint (default "unix:///var/run/containerd.sock") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --containerized                                                                                             Running kubelet in a container.
      --contention-profiling                                                                                      Enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cpu-cfs-quota                                                                                             Enable CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cpu-manager-policy string                                                                                 <Warning: Alpha feature> CPU Manager policy to use. Possible values: 'none', 'static'. Default: 'none' (default "none") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --cpu-manager-reconcile-period NodeStatusUpdateFrequency                                                    <Warning: Alpha feature> CPU Manager reconciliation period. Examples: '10s', or '1m'. If not supplied, defaults to NodeStatusUpdateFrequency (default 10s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --docker string                                                                                             docker endpoint (default "unix:///var/run/docker.sock") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --docker-disable-shared-pid                                                                                 Setting this to false causes Kubernetes to create pods using a shared process namespace for containers in a pod when running with Docker 1.13.1 or higher. A future Kubernetes release will make this configurable instead in the API. (default true) (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release. This option will be replaced by PID namespace sharing that is configurable per-pod using the API. See https://features.k8s.io/495)
      --docker-endpoint string                                                                                    Use this for the docker endpoint to communicate with (default "unix:///var/run/docker.sock")
      --docker-env-metadata-whitelist string                                                                      a comma-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --docker-only                                                                                               Only report docker containers in addition to root stats (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --docker-root string                                                                                        DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker) (default "/var/lib/docker")
      --docker-tls                                                                                                use TLS to connect to docker (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --docker-tls-ca string                                                                                      path to trusted CA (default "ca.pem") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --docker-tls-cert string                                                                                    path to client certificate (default "cert.pem") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --docker-tls-key string                                                                                     path to private key (default "key.pem") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --dynamic-config-dir string                                                                                 The Kubelet will use this directory for checkpointing downloaded configurations and tracking configuration health. The Kubelet will create this directory if it does not already exist. The path may be absolute or relative; relative paths start at the Kubelet's current working directory. Providing this flag enables dynamic Kubelet configuration. Presently, you must also enable the DynamicKubeletConfig feature gate to pass this flag.
      --enable-controller-attach-detach                                                                           Enables the Attach/Detach controller to manage attachment/detachment of volumes scheduled to this node, and disables kubelet from executing any attach/detach operations (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --enable-custom-metrics                                                                                     Support for gathering custom metrics. (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --enable-debugging-handlers                                                                                 Enables server endpoints for log collection and local running of containers and commands (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --enable-load-reader                                                                                        Whether to enable cpu load reader (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --enable-server                                                                                             Enable the Kubelet's server (default true)
      --enforce-node-allocatable strings                                                                          A comma separated list of levels of node allocatable enforcement to be enforced by kubelet. Acceptable options are 'none', 'pods', 'system-reserved', and 'kube-reserved'. If the latter two options are specified, '--system-reserved-cgroup' and '--kube-reserved-cgroup' must also be set, respectively. If 'none' is specified, no additional options should be set. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/ for more details. (default [pods]) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --event-burst int32                                                                                         Maximum size of a bursty event records, temporarily allows event records to burst to this number, while still not exceeding event-qps. Only used if --event-qps > 0 (default 10) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --event-qps int32                                                                                           If > 0, limit event creations per second to this value. If 0, unlimited. (default 5) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --event-storage-age-limit string                                                                            Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non-specified event types (default "default=0") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --event-storage-event-limit string                                                                          Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non-specified event types (default "default=0") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --eviction-hard mapStringString                                                                             A set of eviction thresholds (e.g. memory.available<1Gi) that if met would trigger a pod eviction. (default imagefs.available<15%,memory.available<100Mi,nodefs.available<10%,nodefs.inodesFree<5%) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --eviction-max-pod-grace-period int32                                                                       Maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods in response to a soft eviction threshold being met.  If negative, defer to pod specified value. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --eviction-minimum-reclaim mapStringString                                                                  A set of minimum reclaims (e.g. imagefs.available=2Gi) that describes the minimum amount of resource the kubelet will reclaim when performing a pod eviction if that resource is under pressure. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --eviction-pressure-transition-period duration                                                              Duration for which the kubelet has to wait before transitioning out of an eviction pressure condition. (default 5m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --eviction-soft mapStringString                                                                             A set of eviction thresholds (e.g. memory.available<1.5Gi) that if met over a corresponding grace period would trigger a pod eviction. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --eviction-soft-grace-period mapStringString                                                                A set of eviction grace periods (e.g. memory.available=1m30s) that correspond to how long a soft eviction threshold must hold before triggering a pod eviction. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --exit-on-lock-contention                                                                                   Whether kubelet should exit upon lock-file contention.
      --experimental-allocatable-ignore-eviction                                                                  When set to 'true', Hard Eviction Thresholds will be ignored while calculating Node Allocatable. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/ for more details. [default=false]
      --experimental-allowed-unsafe-sysctls strings                                                               Comma-separated whitelist of unsafe sysctls or unsafe sysctl patterns (ending in *). Use these at your own risk.
      --experimental-bootstrap-kubeconfig string                                                                   (DEPRECATED: Use --bootstrap-kubeconfig)
      --experimental-check-node-capabilities-before-mount                                                         [Experimental] if set true, the kubelet will check the underlying node for required components (binaries, etc.) before performing the mount
      --experimental-fail-swap-on                                                                                 DEPRECATED: please use --fail-swap-on instead. (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --experimental-kernel-memcg-notification                                                                    If enabled, the kubelet will integrate with the kernel memcg notification to determine if memory eviction thresholds are crossed rather than polling.
      --experimental-mounter-path string                                                                          [Experimental] Path of mounter binary. Leave empty to use the default mount.
      --experimental-qos-reserved mapStringString                                                                 A set of ResourceName=Percentage (e.g. memory=50%) pairs that describe how pod resource requests are reserved at the QoS level. Currently only memory is supported. [default=none]
      --fail-swap-on                                                                                              Makes the Kubelet fail to start if swap is enabled on the node.  (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --feature-gates mapStringBool                                                                               A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
                APIListChunking=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                APIResponseCompression=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                Accelerators=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                AdvancedAuditing=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                AppArmor=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                BlockVolume=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                CPUManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                CRIContainerLogRotation=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                CSIPersistentVolume=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                CustomPodDNS=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                CustomResourceSubresources=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                EnableEquivalenceClassCache=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA - default=false)
                GCERegionalPersistentDisk=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                HugePages=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                HyperVContainer=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                Initializers=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                MountPropagation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                PersistentLocalVolumes=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                PodPriority=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                PodShareProcessNamespace=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ReadOnlyAPIDataVolumes=true|false (DEPRECATED - default=true)
                ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                RunAsGroup=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ScheduleDaemonSetPods=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                ServiceProxyAllowExternalIPs=true|false (DEPRECATED - default=false)
                StorageObjectInUseProtection=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                SupportIPVSProxyMode=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                SupportPodPidsLimit=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                TokenRequest=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
                VolumeScheduling=true|false (BETA - default=true)
                VolumeSubpath=true|false (default=true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --file-check-frequency duration                                                                             Duration between checking config files for new data (default 20s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --global-housekeeping-interval duration                                                                     Interval between global housekeepings (default 1m0s) (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --hairpin-mode string                                                                                       How should the kubelet setup hairpin NAT. This allows endpoints of a Service to loadbalance back to themselves if they should try to access their own Service. Valid values are "promiscuous-bridge", "hairpin-veth" and "none". (default "promiscuous-bridge") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --healthz-bind-address 0.0.0.0                                                                              The IP address for the healthz server to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and `::` for all IPv6 interfaces) (default 127.0.0.1) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --healthz-port int32                                                                                        The port of the localhost healthz endpoint (set to 0 to disable) (default 10248) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
  -h, --help                                                                                                      help for kubelet
      --host-ipc-sources strings                                                                                  Comma-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use the host ipc namespace. (default [*]) (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --host-network-sources strings                                                                              Comma-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use of host network. (default [*]) (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --host-pid-sources strings                                                                                  Comma-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use the host pid namespace. (default [*]) (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --hostname-override string                                                                                  If non-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.
      --housekeeping-interval duration                                                                            Interval between container housekeepings (default 10s)
      --http-check-frequency duration                                                                             Duration between checking http for new data (default 20s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --image-gc-high-threshold int32                                                                             The percent of disk usage after which image garbage collection is always run. (default 85) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --image-gc-low-threshold int32                                                                              The percent of disk usage before which image garbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to. (default 80) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --image-pull-progress-deadline duration                                                                     If no pulling progress is made before this deadline, the image pulling will be cancelled. (default 1m0s)
      --image-service-endpoint string                                                                             [Experimental] The endpoint of remote image service. If not specified, it will be the same with container-runtime-endpoint by default. Currently unix socket is supported on Linux, and tcp is supported on windows.  Examples:'unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock', 'tcp://localhost:3735'
      --iptables-drop-bit int32                                                                                   The bit of the fwmark space to mark packets for dropping. Must be within the range [0, 31]. (default 15) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --iptables-masquerade-bit int32                                                                             The bit of the fwmark space to mark packets for SNAT. Must be within the range [0, 31]. Please match this parameter with corresponding parameter in kube-proxy. (default 14) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --keep-terminated-pod-volumes                                                                               Keep terminated pod volumes mounted to the node after the pod terminates.  Can be useful for debugging volume related issues. (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --kube-api-burst int32                                                                                      Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver (default 10) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --kube-api-content-type string                                                                              Content type of requests sent to apiserver. (default "application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --kube-api-qps int32                                                                                        QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver (default 5) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --kube-reserved mapStringString                                                                             A set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity (e.g. cpu=200m,memory=500Mi,ephemeral-storage=1Gi) pairs that describe resources reserved for kubernetes system components. Currently cpu, memory and local ephemeral storage for root file system are supported. See http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources for more detail. [default=none] (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --kube-reserved-cgroup string                                                                               Absolute name of the top level cgroup that is used to manage kubernetes components for which compute resources were reserved via '--kube-reserved' flag. Ex. '/kube-reserved'. [default=''] (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --kubeconfig string                                                                                         Path to a kubeconfig file, specifying how to connect to the API server. Providing --kubeconfig enables API server mode, omitting --kubeconfig enables standalone mode.
      --kubelet-cgroups string                                                                                    Optional absolute name of cgroups to create and run the Kubelet in. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --lock-file string                                                                                          <Warning: Alpha feature> The path to file for kubelet to use as a lock file.
      --log-backtrace-at traceLocation                                                                            when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace (default :0)
      --log-cadvisor-usage                                                                                        Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --log-dir string                                                                                            If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --log-flush-frequency duration                                                                              Maximum number of seconds between log flushes (default 5s)
      --logtostderr                                                                                               log to standard error instead of files (default true)
      --machine-id-file string                                                                                    Comma-separated list of files to check for machine-id. Use the first one that exists. (default "/etc/machine-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine-id") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --make-iptables-util-chains                                                                                 If true, kubelet will ensure iptables utility rules are present on host. (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --manifest-url string                                                                                       URL for accessing additional Pod specifications to run (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --manifest-url-header --manifest-url-header 'a:hello,b:again,c:world' --manifest-url-header 'b:beautiful'   Comma-separated list of HTTP headers to use when accessing the url provided to --manifest-url. Multiple headers with the same name will be added in the same order provided. This flag can be repeatedly invoked. For example: --manifest-url-header 'a:hello,b:again,c:world' --manifest-url-header 'b:beautiful' (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --master-service-namespace string                                                                           The namespace from which the kubernetes master services should be injected into pods (default "default") (DEPRECATED: This flag will be removed in a future version.)
      --max-open-files int                                                                                        Number of files that can be opened by Kubelet process. (default 1000000) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --max-pods int32                                                                                            Number of Pods that can run on this Kubelet. (default 110) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --maximum-dead-containers int32                                                                             Maximum number of old instances of containers to retain globally.  Each container takes up some disk space. To disable, set to a negative number. (default -1) (DEPRECATED: Use --eviction-hard or --eviction-soft instead. Will be removed in a future version.)
      --maximum-dead-containers-per-container int32                                                               Maximum number of old instances to retain per container.  Each container takes up some disk space. (default 1) (DEPRECATED: Use --eviction-hard or --eviction-soft instead. Will be removed in a future version.)
      --minimum-container-ttl-duration duration                                                                   Minimum age for a finished container before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m' (DEPRECATED: Use --eviction-hard or --eviction-soft instead. Will be removed in a future version.)
      --minimum-image-ttl-duration duration                                                                       Minimum age for an unused image before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m'. (default 2m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --network-plugin string                                                                                     <Warning: Alpha feature> The name of the network plugin to be invoked for various events in kubelet/pod lifecycle
      --network-plugin-mtu int32                                                                                  <Warning: Alpha feature> The MTU to be passed to the network plugin, to override the default. Set to 0 to use the default 1460 MTU.
      --node-ip string                                                                                            IP address of the node. If set, kubelet will use this IP address for the node
      --node-labels mapStringString                                                                               <Warning: Alpha feature> Labels to add when registering the node in the cluster.  Labels must be key=value pairs separated by ','.
      --node-status-update-frequency duration                                                                     Specifies how often kubelet posts node status to master. Note: be cautious when changing the constant, it must work with nodeMonitorGracePeriod in nodecontroller. (default 10s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --non-masquerade-cidr string                                                                                Traffic to IPs outside this range will use IP masquerade. Set to '0.0.0.0/0' to never masquerade. (default "10.0.0.0/8") (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --oom-score-adj int32                                                                                       The oom-score-adj value for kubelet process. Values must be within the range [-1000, 1000] (default -999) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --pod-cidr string                                                                                           The CIDR to use for pod IP addresses, only used in standalone mode.  In cluster mode, this is obtained from the master. For IPv6, the maximum number of IP's allocated is 65536 (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --pod-infra-container-image string                                                                          The image whose network/ipc namespaces containers in each pod will use. (default "k8s.gcr.io/pause-amd64:3.1")
      --pod-manifest-path string                                                                                  Path to the directory containing static pod files to run, or the path to a single static pod file. Files starting with dots will be ignored. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --pod-max-pids int                                                                                          <Warning: Alpha feature> Set the maximum number of processes per pod. (default -1) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --pods-per-core int32                                                                                       Number of Pods per core that can run on this Kubelet. The total number of Pods on this Kubelet cannot exceed max-pods, so max-pods will be used if this calculation results in a larger number of Pods allowed on the Kubelet. A value of 0 disables this limit. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --port int32                                                                                                The port for the Kubelet to serve on. (default 10250) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --protect-kernel-defaults                                                                                   Default kubelet behaviour for kernel tuning. If set, kubelet errors if any of kernel tunables is different than kubelet defaults. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --provider-id string                                                                                        Unique identifier for identifying the node in a machine database, i.e cloudprovider
      --read-only-port int32                                                                                      The read-only port for the Kubelet to serve on with no authentication/authorization (set to 0 to disable) (default 10255) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --really-crash-for-testing                                                                                  If true, when panics occur crash. Intended for testing.
      --register-node                                                                                             Register the node with the apiserver. If --kubeconfig is not provided, this flag is irrelevant, as the Kubelet won't have an apiserver to register with. Default=true. (default true)
      --register-schedulable                                                                                      Register the node as schedulable. Won't have any effect if register-node is false. (default true) (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version)
      --register-with-taints []api.Taint                                                                          Register the node with the given list of taints (comma separated "<key>=<value>:<effect>"). No-op if register-node is false.
      --registry-burst int32                                                                                      Maximum size of a bursty pulls, temporarily allows pulls to burst to this number, while still not exceeding registry-qps. Only used if --registry-qps > 0 (default 10) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --registry-qps int32                                                                                        If > 0, limit registry pull QPS to this value.  If 0, unlimited. (default 5) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --resolv-conf string                                                                                        Resolver configuration file used as the basis for the container DNS resolution configuration. (default "/etc/resolv.conf") (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --rkt-api-endpoint string                                                                                   The endpoint of the rkt API service to communicate with. Only used if --container-runtime='rkt'. (default "localhost:15441") (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version. Rktnetes has been deprecated in favor of rktlet (https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/rktlet).)
      --rkt-path string                                                                                           Path of rkt binary. Leave empty to use the first rkt in $PATH.  Only used if --container-runtime='rkt'. (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version. Rktnetes has been deprecated in favor of rktlet (https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/rktlet).)
      --rkt-stage1-image string                                                                                   image to use as stage1. Local paths and http/https URLs are supported. If empty, the 'stage1.aci' in the same directory as '--rkt-path' will be used. (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future version. Rktnetes has been deprecated in favor of rktlet (https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/rktlet).)
      --root-dir string                                                                                           Directory path for managing kubelet files (volume mounts,etc). (default "/var/lib/kubelet")
      --rotate-certificates                                                                                       <Warning: Beta feature> Auto rotate the kubelet client certificates by requesting new certificates from the kube-apiserver when the certificate expiration approaches.
      --runonce                                                                                                   If true, exit after spawning pods from static pod files or remote urls. Exclusive with --enable-server
      --runtime-cgroups string                                                                                    Optional absolute name of cgroups to create and run the runtime in.
      --runtime-request-timeout duration                                                                          Timeout of all runtime requests except long running request - pull, logs, exec and attach. When timeout exceeded, kubelet will cancel the request, throw out an error and retry later. (default 2m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --seccomp-profile-root string                                                                               <Warning: Alpha feature> Directory path for seccomp profiles. (default "/var/lib/kubelet/seccomp")
      --serialize-image-pulls                                                                                     Pull images one at a time. We recommend *not* changing the default value on nodes that run docker daemon with version < 1.9 or an Aufs storage backend. Issue #10959 has more details. (default true) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --stderrthreshold severity                                                                                  logs at or above this threshold go to stderr (default 2)
      --storage-driver-buffer-duration duration                                                                   Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction (default 1m0s) (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --storage-driver-db string                                                                                  database name (default "cadvisor") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --storage-driver-host string                                                                                database host:port (default "localhost:8086") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --storage-driver-password string                                                                            database password (default "root") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --storage-driver-secure                                                                                     use secure connection with database (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --storage-driver-table string                                                                               table name (default "stats") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --storage-driver-user string                                                                                database username (default "root") (DEPRECATED: This is a cadvisor flag that was mistakenly registered with the Kubelet. Due to legacy concerns, it will follow the standard CLI deprecation timeline before being removed.)
      --streaming-connection-idle-timeout duration                                                                Maximum time a streaming connection can be idle before the connection is automatically closed. 0 indicates no timeout. Example: '5m' (default 4h0m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --sync-frequency duration                                                                                   Max period between synchronizing running containers and config (default 1m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --system-cgroups /                                                                                          Optional absolute name of cgroups in which to place all non-kernel processes that are not already inside a cgroup under /. Empty for no container. Rolling back the flag requires a reboot. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --system-reserved mapStringString                                                                           A set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity (e.g. cpu=200m,memory=500Mi,ephemeral-storage=1Gi) pairs that describe resources reserved for non-kubernetes components. Currently only cpu and memory are supported. See http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources for more detail. [default=none] (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --system-reserved-cgroup string                                                                             Absolute name of the top level cgroup that is used to manage non-kubernetes components for which compute resources were reserved via '--system-reserved' flag. Ex. '/system-reserved'. [default=''] (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --tls-cert-file string                                                                                      File containing x509 Certificate used for serving HTTPS (with intermediate certs, if any, concatenated after server cert). If --tls-cert-file and --tls-private-key-file are not provided, a self-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory passed to --cert-dir. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --tls-cipher-suites strings                                                                                 Comma-separated list of cipher suites for the server. Values are from tls package constants (https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#pkg-constants). If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be used (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --tls-min-version string                                                                                    Minimum TLS version supported. Value must match version names from https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#pkg-constants. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
      --tls-private-key-file string                                                                               File containing x509 private key matching --tls-cert-file. (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
  -v, --v Level                                                                                                   log level for V logs
      --version version[=true]                                                                                    Print version information and quit
      --vmodule moduleSpec                                                                                        comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
      --volume-plugin-dir string                                                                                  The full path of the directory in which to search for additional third party volume plugins (default "/usr/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet-plugins/volume/exec/")
      --volume-stats-agg-period duration                                                                          Specifies interval for kubelet to calculate and cache the volume disk usage for all pods and volumes.  To disable volume calculations, set to 0. (default 1m0s) (DEPRECATED: This parameter should be set via the config file specified by the Kubelet's --config flag. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/ for more information.)
lanzhiwang@lanzhiwang-desktop:~/work/py_web/kubeasz/down/kubernetes/server/bin$ 

```

