# go 常见工具

## 1. gocode

github.com/mdempsky/gocode

Gocode 是一个帮助程序工具，旨在与您的源代码编辑器集成在一起，例如 vim，neovim 和 emacs。 它提供了几种高级功能，当前包括：上下文相关的自动完成
之所以称为守护程序，是因为它使用客户端/服务器体系结构进行缓存。 特别是，它使自动完成非常快。 具有热缓存的典型自动完成时间为30ms，几乎不会引起注意。

## 2. gopkgs

github.com/uudashr/gopkgs/v2/cmd/gopkgs

gopkgs is a tool that provides list of available Go packages that can be imported.

This is an alternative to go list all, just faster.

## 3. go-outline

github.com/ramya-rao-a/go-outline

一个简单的实用程序，用于在Go源文件中提取所有声明，使用 JSON 表示形式。

## 4. go-symbols

github.com/acroca/go-symbols

A utility for extracting a JSON representation of the package symbols from a go source tree.

If a directory named src is under the directory given that directory will be walked for source code, otherwise the entire tree will be walked.

## 5. guru

golang.org/x/tools/cmd/guru

## 6. gorename

golang.org/x/tools/cmd/gorename

## 7. gotests

github.com/cweill/gotests/...

gotests makes writing Go tests easy. It's a Golang commandline tool that generates table driven tests based on its target source files' function and method signatures. Any new dependencies in the test files are automatically imported.

## 8. gomodifytags

github.com/fatih/gomodifytags

Go tool to modify/update field tags in structs. gomodifytags makes it easy to update, add or delete the tags in a struct field. You can easily add new tags, update existing tags (such as appending a new key, i.e: db, xml, etc..) or remove existing tags. It also allows you to add and remove tag options. It's intended to be used by an editor, but also has modes to run it from the terminal. Read the usage section below for more information.

## 9. impl

github.com/josharian/impl

impl generates method stubs for implementing an interface.

## 10. fillstruct

github.com/davidrjenni/reftools/cmd/fillstruct

| Tool | Description |
| ---  | ---  |
| fixplurals | remove redundant parameter and result types from function signatures 从函数签名中删除多余的参数和结果类型 |
| fillstruct | fills a struct literal with default values 用默认值填充结构文字 |
| fillswitch | fills a (type) switch statement with case statements 用case语句填充（类型）switch语句 |

## 11. goplay

github.com/haya14busa/goplay/cmd/goplay

The Go Playground (https://play.golang.org/) client

## 12. godoctor

github.com/godoctor/godoctor

A golang refactoring tool  Golang重构工具

## 13. dlv

github.com/go-delve/delve/cmd/dlv

Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language. The goal of the project is to provide a simple, full featured debugging tool for Go. Delve should be easy to invoke and easy to use. Chances are if you're using a debugger, things aren't going your way. With that in mind, Delve should stay out of your way as much as possible.

## 14. gocode-gomod

github.com/stamblerre/gocode

This version of gocode works with Go modules.

## 15. godef

github.com/rogpeppe/godef

Godef, given an expression or a location in a source file, prints the
location of the definition of the symbol referred to.

## 16. goimports

golang.org/x/tools/cmd/goimports

## 17. golint

golang.org/x/lint/golint

## gopls

## goreturns	
